If you think that the historical work of the Kaku no Goto-ki can be done without any difficulties,
I think that it is impossible.
We must be prepared for the future and the future of the Kaku no Goto-ki.
I am not saying that it is impossible.
It is not possible by the power of the military.
I believe that it is possible for the people of Japan to unite and unite for the first time before the highest goal of the nation.
The people who take the lead in the military, the people who take the lead in the military,
are also in the same position as the people of Japan.
The people of Japan are simply different.
If I were not here, the country's military power would be so weak.
If I worked an extra hour, the country's self-sufficiency would be so much better.
If the people of Japan are involved in the country's military,
I believe that we must make a firm resolution for the development of Japan,
by pursuing the era-based mission that we have been entrusted with.
I have at least two reasons why I believe and doubt.
The first is that our history is extremely old,
but the country's life is as strong as a youth.
I think that this is a perception that the people of Japan today can live in peace.